The Chinese government has returned to the spirit of the Chinese people,
and has resumed its traditional policies and human nature.
As a completely new government,
Japan is not at all against the idea of re-establishing China.
The world should also have a clear understanding of the development of new normal in this world.
The former Chinese government has always been a victim of the establishment of a strong and self-reconstructive system based on imperialism and ambition.
It is clear that Japan has always been interested in peace and independence.
Japan has since recognized the need for fundamentalism in the revolutionary world,
and has asked for a re-establishment of a true and peaceful system based on justice.
Japan has not been a partner of any other country,
nor has it been a victim of the unification of the third country.
If the Japanese government has understood the true meaning of the empire,
and has followed the new normal of the Japanese people,
Japan would not have wanted to cooperate with the empire against the peace of the East.
It is a fact of the world that Japan has the passion to fight against communism.
The day of the commintern is the end of the East, and the end of world peace.
Japan is about to die in the wake of the root cause of the long-term resistance of the Shousei sword.
Fortunately, the famous law of communism, Germany and Italy,
formed a key aw Evans in the fight against
with a philosophy of Jonathanらり成,
look towards the current situation
and toaltra economies in the future for a sense of social and economic stability.
We truly insist,
and deeply expect to bring about both the disintegration of economies
and the final collapse of Tokyo City as part of a democratic and democratic alliance.
From Japan's versatility,
the two nations with a positive view of the current situation
are Jar Mohammed Ali.
After the collapse of Japan,
division and the efforts of the world are to stubbornly return to the existing world.
Finally, what is needed in the reality of civilization is to create peace above the Divine,
D dream world according to which individuals will 소 cooled and will
actually be it was the prim , and in the past it was not this
re-instrumenting would not even be equivalent to . . .